doc(csi): adjust and make documentation public (#1766)
openbao/openbao: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/csi/index.mdx

The following is an example of a Secret Provider Class using the `openbao` provider:

:::warning

> The usage of `provider: openbao` is only working starting with the OpenBao Helm Chart version 0.18.0, which uses the OpenBao CSI Provider version 2.0.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`provider: openbao` only works starting with the OpenBao Helm Chart version 0.18.0, which uses the OpenBao CSI Provider version 2.0.0 or later.
```
